Jakarta a city with millions of hopes
but a city grows weary with millions of
people chasing after millions of dreams
with astounding accelerated growth
jabo Tibet's projected population will
reach 14 million in 2016 begging the
question how can people advance at the
same pace in a city with never-ending
transportation problems
Jakarta needs a transportation solution
to help people move ahead and achieve
those dreams they're chasing in
conjunction with other most public
transportation systems Jakarta monorail
offers the city's people the solution
Nathan patiently waiting for it's a huge
leap forward for our growing metropolis
and will introduce many new concepts in
public transport see
constable
efficient and predictable
eco-friendly 152,000 monorail cars will
run on two lines each carrying up to 230
passengers the Jakarta monorail will be
integrated with other transportation
modes and the integrated system will be
known as transit oriented development or
Tod passengers will be able to
seamlessly access the Tod interchanges
between systems like the elevated
Airport train the Ringworld for us where
the MRT
optimizing the use of public
transportation
making commuting is efficient as
possible
Jakarta monorail is already communicated
with the portal with printers
television commercials
most exhibitions
and real-time web
as a way to keep people informed and
allow them to be part of this project
the construction of Versailles is
expected to be complete in 2016 we will
host an average of 500,000 passengers
every day
let's hit the accelerator and go full
speed towards achieving the dream of a
better Jakarta because with Jakarta
monorail the future starts today